hi everyone liked my new opening
it's the song of the battle of satura they are fattened they are open mind I will have it
for all videos
good to the subject first thanks to leo nucci ja for subscribing to my channel
happy xd
this is what I will do if I have ten subscribers plus videos
well the other day I found several videos behind san andrés and
I said well do this but my computer is full
uganda I came out with another good xd topic today I'll criticize the animated guy is a
caricature based on the well-known chavo del 8 but in this version
they did a reverend stupidity they gave him more chapters that are not treated
from nothing to the real
I did not like this at all since I loved the chapters of the guy and
I'm Mexican
this series has more imagination than what in derose xd now the
characters the guy is a child asking idiot who always walks with Kiko Cuban
knows why xdddd light kiko the same explanation as that of the guy but this one
it is more foolish is one and that his mother are but neither
aar
I do not want to talk about the characters anymore
but I will continue
the chilindrina now this one is invisible in the animated guy is what
more it made me angry wada anaya
this is a complete barbarity the graphs is as if a child of five
years I would have drawn with the tail
uu aa come conclusion this thing is more than a stupid is a reverend
shit
with already three and a half seasons this thing is worth nothing is a very cheap copy
a little while longer and air a top 10 of the most horrible cartoons of all the
good story that's all and again I thank leo nucci ja for subscribing
to my channel
good and also to you to see my videos go van
goodbye and until next time